>> Richard Feldman: Okay, so
let's talk about some differences
in iteration between records and
other collections, specifically lists,
which we've talked about so far.
So if we have a list that's 1, 2, 3.
Map works fine over this, we can call
list.map, and go over those elements 1,
2, and 3.
We talked about how you cannot
have a list with mixed contents,
because then map would
potentially blow up.
So that's why map is allowed on lists,
is that they rule out having
mixed contents like this.
Now, as we've seen with this record,
records do allow mixed contexts.
You can have, x = 1, y = "foo",
you're allowed to mix and
match whatever different types of
contents you want inside of a record for
the different fields.
And so for that reason, map would
break if map were allowed on records.
And so map's not allowed on records.
This is sort of a tradeoff.
So if we look at lists,
they do support iteration.
You can iterate over list.
You can map over it.
You can do a variety of other operations
that work on each elements in the list.
But lists do not support mixed entries.
Those go hand in hand.
If it did support mixed entries, then it
would not be allowed to support iteration,
which is exactly what
you have with records.
So records do not support iteration.
They don't support map, they don't
support filter or any of the others, but
they do support mixed entries.
And there's a causal relationship here.
You sort have to pick one or
the other if you want both of them
to work reliably at run time.
Without any possibility of crashing.
There's no way to say,
give me all the keys in this record,
I wanna work with those.
Give me all of the values in this record,
Basically, records are just
a mapping between keys and values.
But there's no way to iterate over
either of them like there's with lists.